Uh-huh.
Forget it, take it easy for me
It hurts to death, sorry boss.
Liu Wenli, I'm waiting
I made him beg for death
Boss Liu Weiwei, who is it?
Did he mess with you?
I'll take my brothers to fuck him
Damn it, don't ask right
Was there a guest just now?
No Liu Ou, right?
I see you have taken all your pens.
Sir, you are here.
Have a seat, please.
Boss Liu expects the ultimate
The championship fight starts on April 14th
Remember your promise
Be sure to choose excellent seedlings to fight black dogs
I will adjust which position you are in.
Don't worry sir
I will definitely do it
Video footage of these new seedlings
I've prepared it for you.
Take it and have a look.
These two played very well, especially Lin Wenli
I've always admired him
So many games to watch
Still at the end
I won the Linwen game like before
Do you want to pull you to the black dog market?
But I've changed my mind now
I want these two players to be a good family
If you can kill a sparrow
This kind of game is the best
If you can record a video
Then you can enjoy it forever.
Sir, isn't that too cruel?
What do you want to come from?
I want to go there even I have to go
I promise.